README.md, before:

# Babel Dungeon (🇩🇪/🇺🇸)

German vocabulary learning for English speakers

## Contributing

### Installing Dependencies

After cloning this repo, install dependencies:

```
pnpm i
```

### Checking code format

```
pnpm check
```

### Testing the app in the browser

To test your work in your browser (with hot reloading!) while developing:

```
pnpm start
```

### Building

To package the WebXDC file:

```
pnpm build
```

To package the WebXDC with developer tools inside to debug in Delta Chat, set the `NODE_ENV`
environment variable to "debug":

```
NODE_ENV=debug pnpm build
```

The resulting optimized `.xdc` file is saved in `dist-xdc/` folder.

### Releasing

To automatically build and create a new GitHub release with the `.xdc` file:

```
git tag -a v1.0.1
git push origin v1.0.1
```

### Credits

- The sentences collections were taken from [10,000 sentences app](https://github.com/tkrajina/10000sentences) that in turn extracted them from the [Tatoeba](https://tatoeba.org) collection (licensed under CC-BY 2.0).

- Some icons are from [Game Icons](https://game-icons.net) - https://github.com/game-icons/icons/blob/master/license.txt

- Some icons are from [Material Symbols](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/blob/master/LICENSE) by Google (Apache 2.0 license)

- Font used: [Press Start 2P](https://github.com/fontsource/font-files/tree/main/fonts/google/press-start-2p) by Google (OFL-1.1 licensed)

- Random monster generator code taken from https://github.com/fabianobizarro/react-monsterid (MIT license)

- Background music is "Cave.mp3" from https://opengameart.org/content/cc0-scraps (CC0 - public domain)

Commit message:

add level-up sound effect

README.md, after:

# Babel Dungeon (🇩🇪/🇺🇸)

German vocabulary learning for English speakers

## Contributing

### Installing Dependencies

After cloning this repo, install dependencies:

```
pnpm i
```

### Checking code format

```
pnpm check
```

### Testing the app in the browser

To test your work in your browser (with hot reloading!) while developing:

```
pnpm start
```

### Building

To package the WebXDC file:

```
pnpm build
```

To package the WebXDC with developer tools inside to debug in Delta Chat, set the `NODE_ENV`
environment variable to "debug":

```
NODE_ENV=debug pnpm build
```

The resulting optimized `.xdc` file is saved in `dist-xdc/` folder.

### Releasing

To automatically build and create a new GitHub release with the `.xdc` file:

```
git tag -a v1.0.1
git push origin v1.0.1
```

### Credits

- The sentences collections were taken from [10,000 sentences app](https://github.com/tkrajina/10000sentences) that in turn extracted them from the [Tatoeba](https://tatoeba.org) collection (licensed under CC-BY 2.0).

- Cross mark and Hourglass icons by [Lorc](https://lorcblog.blogspot.com/) under CC BY 3.0

- Party popper and Check mark icons by [Delapouite](https://delapouite.com/) under CC BY 3.0

- "Directory Sync" and "Settings" icons from [Material Symbols](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/blob/master/LICENSE) by Google (Apache 2.0 license)

- Font used: [Press Start 2P](https://github.com/fontsource/font-files/tree/main/fonts/google/press-start-2p) by Google (OFL-1.1 licensed)

- Random monster generator code taken from https://github.com/fabianobizarro/react-monsterid (MIT license)

- Background music is "Cave.mp3" from https://opengameart.org/content/cc0-scraps (CC0 - public domain)

- Level-up SFX is "VictorySmall.wav" from https://opengameart.org/content/8-bit-sound-fx (CC0 - public domain)
